Add examples for spatial types in Go (#242)
neo4j/driver-documentation: goManual/asciidoc/cypher-workflow.adoc

+*+ When a `time.Time` value is sent/received through the driver and its `Zone()` returns a name of `Offset`, the value is stored with its offset value rather than its zone name.

[[go-driver-geospartial-types]]
=== Geospatial Types
This section lists some basic usage of the geospatial types provided by the Go Driver.

[[go-driver-geospatial-types-point2d]]
==== `Point2D`

> Represents a two-dimensional in Cartesian space or in the WGS84 space. The field `SpatialRefId` indicates the type of the coordinate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents a two-dimensional in Cartesian space or in the WGS84 space. 
The field `SpatialRefId` indicates the type of the coordinate.
```

> The following table defines the list of possibles values for `SpatialRefId` and its meaning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table lists the possible values for `SpatialRefId`:
```

======
[options="header", cols="<20m,<80a"]
|===
| SpatialRefId        | Description
| `7203` | 2D point in the cartesian space.
| `4326` | 2D point in the WGS84 space.
|===
======

Examples of two-dimensions points instantiation and reading:

[source, golang]
----
include::{go-examples}/examples_test.go[tags=geospatial-types-point2d]
----

[[go-driver-geospatial-types-point3d]]
==== `Point3D`

> Represents a three-dimensional point in Cartesian space or in the WGS84 space. The field `SpatialRefId` indicates the type of the coordinate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents a three-dimensional point in Cartesian space or in the WGS84 space. 
The field `SpatialRefId` indicates the type of the coordinate.
```

> The following table defines the list of possibles values for `SpatialRefId` and its meaning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table lists the possible values for `SpatialRefId`:
```
